# T29 Retrospective for Sprint 1

Area | What we did well | What we need to work on | What we will change
:--- | :------- | :--------- | :---------------------
**Teamwork** | We collaborated well when issues arrived. We were available for video calls. |  We need to hold each more accountable. We need to have more initiative. We need to keep track of each individual's progress. We need to reach out when anyone is falling behind. | We should implement a master checklist. We should utilize issues more. We should implement individual deadlines.
**Process** | We utilized video calls well. We approved pull requests in a timely fashion. | We really need to work on planning. We did not have enough time spent testing and coding. | We need to plan better by defining roles and managing the workload better. We can do this by implementing the markdown file and then moving those bullet points to issues.
**Tools** | We overcame the obstacles that were presented by the new tools like Maven and JavaScript. | We should ask more questions on Piazza. | When we run into a problem with a tool we should document that problem so that everyone else understands that
